ahmia silmillään
ahtaa kitaansa
aiheuttaa päänvaivaa
aikojen alusta
aivoissa liukuu
aivot niksahtaa
aivot pelaa
ajaa parta
ajan hammas
ajan hermo
ajan päästä
ajatella ääneen
ajatus kulkee
allekirjoittaa väite
alun alkaen
alun perin
ampua lonkalta
antaa aikaa
antaa arvoa
antaa elonmerkkiä
antaa kaikkensa
antaa kenkää
antaa korvapuusti
antaa korville
antaa kurinpalautusta
antaa kätensä
antaa luunappi
antaa luuvitosta
antaa neniin
antaa nenälle
antaa nyrkistä
antaa palaa
antaa periksi
antaa persettä
antaa pillua
antaa potkua
antaa potkut
antaa päihin
antaa rukkaset
antaa sapiskaa
antaa selkään
antaa suunvuoro
antaa suuta
arvon herrasväki
asettua taloksi
astua tilille
astua varpaille
aukoa kitusiaan
aukoa leukojaan
aukoa päätään
aukoa suutaan
aukoa turpaansa
avata silmänsä
avata suunsa
edetä elämässään
elämänsä nainen
elää ihmisiksi
elää siivellä
ennustaa kädestä
erottaa silmänvalkuaiset
etsiä käsiinsä
filmi katkeaa
filmi pysähtyy
haastaa riitaa
haihtua päästä
haise vitulle
haista huilu
haista paska
haista vittu
haistella ilmaa
hakata käsiään
hakea duunia
hakea tanssimaan
hakea työtä
haljeta naurusta
haljeta onnesta
haljeta pää
halkoa hiuksia
hallita hermonsa
hallita jutut
hammasta purren
hampaat kalisevat
hanaa pyydän
harata vastaan
haukkoa henkeä
hautoa päässään
heiluttaa häntäänsä
heittää hatusta
heittää helttaa
heittää helttaansa
heittää helvettiin
heittää herjaa
heittää hetulaa
heittää hitoille
heittää huuhaata
heittää huulta
heittää jalkaa
heittää kamaa
heittää legendaa
heittää leipää
heittää lestiä
heittää lonkalta
heittää läppää
heittää mäkeen
heittää naamaansa
heittää nupista
heittää pihalle
heittää pitkäkseen
heittää päästä
heittää reissu
heittää siipeen
heittää veivinsä
heittää vettä
hengittää niskaan
henki kulkee
henki kurkussa
heristellä korviaan
heristää korviaan
heristää nyrkkiä
herja kulkee
hermot loppuu
hermot menee
hermot palaa
hermot pettävät
herättää huomiota
herättää ihmetystä
hillitä itsensä
hillitä suutaan
hioa hampaitaan
hioa kynsiään
hippulat vinkuen
hirttää munistaan
hiukset hulmuten
hivellä korvaa
hoitaa hommat
hoitaa tiskit
homma pesee
huimata päätä
hulmauttaa hiuksia
humahtaa päähän
humista korvissa
huojentaa sydäntään
huudella perään
huulet lentävät
huuli lentää
huuli pyöristyy
hykerrellä käsiään
hyppiä nenille
hyppiä nenälle
hyppiä seinille
hyppiä silmille
hypätä hynttyisiin
hypätä kyytiin
hypätä nahoistaan
hypätä päälleen
hyvästellä kädestä
hyytelöisin polvin
häipyä kuvioista
häipyä maisemista
häiritä rauhaa
häkki heilahtaa
hävitä silmistä
hävitä suihin
höylätä muovirahaa
idän ihme
ihmetellä ääneen
ilman muuta
ilme venähtää
imeä naamaansa
iskeä akkaa
iskeä hermoon
iskeä menokuume
iskeä miestä
iskeä naista
iskeä pakokauhu
iskeä silmää
iskeä suonta
istua kaljalla
itse kukin
itsepähän petaat
jakaa oikeutta
jakaa persettä
jalalle vie
jano yllättää
jatkaa matkaa
jauhaa paskaa
joutua alakynteen
joutua jalkoihin
joutua käsikähmään
joutua välikäteen
julistaa pannaan
juoda pohjat
juoda teet
juttu juoksee
juttu luistaa
jysähtää kaalissa
jämähtää paikalleen
jättää jälkensä
jättää pulaan
jättää väliin
jäädä alakynteen
jäädä fakkiin
jäädä jalkoihin 
jäädä jälkeen
jäädä kuppaamaan
jäädä käteen
jäädä luokalle
jäädä messistä
jäädä päälle
jäätävät silmät
kaataa ketoon
kaatua nenälleen
kaatua onnesta
kadota maisemista
kadottaa kielensä
kahvihammasta pakottaa
kaikesta huolimatta
kaivaa kuvettaan
kallistaa korvansa
kallistella taskumattia
kamat kasaan
kannat kattoon
kantaa huolta
kantaa kaunaa
kantaa käsillään
kantaa vastuu
karaista kurkkuaan
karistaa harteiltaan
karistaa kannoilta
karistaa kannoiltaan
karmia selkäpiitä
kastaa kaulaa
kastaa kurkkua
kastella kaulaa
kasvaa silmissä
katkaista niskansa
katsoa läpi
katsoa perään
kehittyä suukopua
keikauttaa päätään
keittää kahvit
kerjätä kuonoon
kerjätä neniinsä
kerjätä turpaansa
kerätä ajatuksiaan
kerätä kamppeensa
kerätä rohkeutta
keskittää katseensa
kestää hermot
kestää päivänvaloa
kiehua hellalle
kielenkantimet laukeavat
kieli laulaa
kiertää kehää
kiertää lakia
kiinnittää huomiota
kiittää kädestä
kiittää onneaan
kilisevät kassissa
kipristellä varpaitaan
kiristellä hampaitaan
kiristää suolivyötä
kirkastaa kurkkuaan
kirvellä mieltä
kiskoa keskaria
koettaa onneaan
kohauttaa hartioitaan
kohauttaa olkaansa
kohauttaa olkapäitään
kohottaa kulmiaan
kolahtaa kaaliin
koota arvokkuutensa
koota itsensä
korjata luunsa
korottaa äänensä
korvat soivat
kostuttaa kieltään
kostuttaa kurkkuaan
kouraista sydänalasta
kovettaa sydämensä
kuin uusi
kuivin silmin
kuivua kokoon
kumi palaa
kuoleman kielissä
kuolla nauruun
kuplia nupissa
kurkottaa kaulaansa
kusta päässä
kusta silmään
kutistaa kalloa
kutitella nauruhermoja
kuulua asiaan
kuulua kuvaan
kuulua kuvioon
kynnet syyhyävät
kynsin hampain
kynsin hapain
kynsiä päätään
kypsyä päässä
kysellä perään
kädestä pitäen
kärsiä nahoissaan
käsi käy
käsky käy
käydä asiaan
käydä asialla
käydä baarikaapilla
käydä hermoille
käydä iholle
käydä katsastamassa
käydä kimppuun
käydä kurkkuun
käydä kuumana
käydä käsiksi
käydä läpi
käydä maata
käydä maksalle
käydä nostelemassa
käydä nukkumaan
käydä pitkäkseen
käydä sapelle
käydä suihkussa
käydä sydämelle
käydä sääliksi
käydä tyttärissä
käydä ylikierroksilla
käydä yöjalassa
käyttää aineita
käyttää huumeita
käyttää imuja
käyttää suutaan
kääntää kylkeä
kääntää pää
kääntää selkänsä
kääntää silmät
laahata luunsa
ladata lonkalta
lahjoittaa sydämensä
lahota päästään
laittaa rajat
laittaa sänky
laskea käsistään
laskea lampaita
laskea päässään
laskea sormin
laskea vedet
laukaista tilanne
laukoa herjoja
leikata ilmaa
leikata siivet
lentää nenälleen
lentää nokilleen
lentää silmille
lentää turvalleen
lepuuttaa hermoja
lepuuttaa hermojaan
lepuuttaa jalkojaan
lepuuttaa silmiään
leuat loksahtavat
levitellä käsiään
levitä silmät
liata kätensä
liikauttaa lapaansa
liittyä seuraan
lipoa kieltään
liueta porukasta
loksahtaa leuat
lopettaa alkuunsa
lopuksi ikää
lukea ajatuksia
lukea huulilta
luoda nahkansa
lyhentää lainaa
lykätä koiranputkea
lyödä hanttiin
lyödä korvalle
lyödä korville
lyödä lihoiksi
lyödä lukkoon
lyödä läskiksi
lyödä multiin
lyödä rintoihinsa
lyödä rumpua
lähteä inttiin
lähteä jatkoille
lähteä kalppimaan
lähteä kiitämään
lähteä kimppaan
lähteä käpälämäkeen
lähteä käyntiin
lähteä leffaan
lähteä liikenteeseen
lähteä läiskimään
lähteä lätkimään
lähteä matkaan
lähteä menemään
lähteä merille
lähteä pitsalle
lähteä vetämään
läiskiä korttia
löysin rantein
maata nokallaan
maata suullaan
mahtua kalloon
maistua puulle
maksaa käteen
maksaa mansikoita
maksaa sisään
maksaa vaivan
maksaa viulut
menehtyä käsiin
menettää kasvonsa
menettää päänsä
mennä ajantaju
mennä asiaan
mennä hermot
mennä hukkaan
mennä inttiin
mennä itseensä
mennä jalkoihin
mennä jatkoille
mennä jumiin
mennä kappaleiksi
mennä kipsiin
mennä lettiin
mennä lukkoon
mennä läpi
mennä menojaan
mennä nappiin
mennä nenilleen
mennä nokilleen
mennä nokkapokaksi
mennä paniikkiin
mennä perille
mennä perseelleen
mennä pieleen
mennä poskelleen
mennä putkeen
mennä pyllylleen
mennä päähän
mennä retkuun
mennä suohon
mennä sänkyyn
mennä takuuseen
mennä ulalle
mennä veriin
mennä vituiksi
mennä väliin
metsästää päänahkoja
mieli mustenee
mieli palaa
mielin kielin
mielin määrin
miellyttää silmää
muistaa postilla
munata itsensä
murskata sydämiä
murtaa sydän
mutista partaansa
muuttaa kimppaan
muuttaa mieltään
mättää menemään
mättää naamaansa
naama venähtää
nakata kuonoon
nakata niskaansa
nakella niskojaan
naksahtaa nupissa
napata huikat
napata pykälään
napata tabuja
nappailla mömmöjä
nauraa partaansa
nauraa päälle
niistää nokkansa
nostaa huipulle
nostaa koipea
nostaa metakka
nostaa meteli
nostaa nenäänsä
nostaa nokkaansa
nostaa päätään
nostaa rahaa
nostaa rintaansa
nostaa äläkkä
notkistaa niskansa
nousta haloo
nousta hiuksiin
nousta lettiin
nousta meteli
nousta päähän
nousta takajaloilleen
nousta tukkaan
nuohota nurkkia
nuolla persettä
nykiä suupielissä
nykäistä naamaansa
nyrkit heiluvat
nyrpistää nenäänsä
nyrpistää nokkaansa
nähdä läpi
nähdä maailmaa
nähdä naamasta
nähdä pikku-ukkoja
nähdä vaivaa
näkyä maisemissa
näkyä päältä
näyttää esimerkkiä
näyttää hampaitaan
näyttää kaikille
näyttää keskisormea
näyttää kieltään
näyttää kyntensä
näyttää luuvitosta
odottaa ihmeitä
oikaista koipensa
olalle vie
olan takaa
olla ainesta
olla alakynnessä
olla alamaissa
olla alkuvaiheissaan
olla ankkana
olla boolissa
olla drinkeissä
olla ekstaasissa
olla elementissään
olla etuajassa
olla hallinnassa
olla hampaankolossa
olla hanskassa
olla hengissä
olla hermokimppuna
olla hermona
olla historiaa
olla hohtoa
olla huipulla
olla huolissaan
olla häikkää
olla hätänä
olla ihmisiksi
olla ilmassa
olla imua
olla intona
olla jaloillaan
olla jaloissa
olla jauhopeukalo
olla jumissa
olla kananlihalla
olla kiikarissa
olla kimpassa
olla kimpussa
olla kipinää
olla kipsissä
olla kotonaan
olla kränää
olla kuitti
olla kulunkia
olla kunniaksi
olla kuulolla
olla kysymys
olla kännissä
olla käsillä
olla käyttöä
olla lataamossa
olla liikenteessä
olla lopussa
olla lukossa
olla luuloissaan
olla lätkässä
olla maassa
olla maisemissa
olla makua
olla mallillaan
olla matkoilla
olla menoa
olla menossa
olla messissä
olla mieleen
olla mielessä
olla mieltä
olla mutkia
olla määrä
olla nannaa
olla nimeksi
olla nokillaan
olla olemassa
olla onnessaan
olla opiksi
olla otsaa
olla pahoillaan
olla paikalla
olla paikallaan
olla paineessa
olla paniikissa
olla perää
olla pierussa
olla pihalla
olla pihkassa
olla piloilla
olla pilvessä
olla pitelemistä
olla pointti
olla pokkana
olla porukoissa
olla puheripuli
olla puhetta
olla puheväleissä
olla päissään
olla päälaellaan
olla päässä
olla päätä
olla pöllyssä
olla redi
olla riesaksi
olla sanomista
olla saumaa
olla silmää
olla sovussa
olla sukkaa
olla säpinää
olla sääli
olla takajaloillaan
olla tasaraha
olla terää
olla tiellä
olla tiputuksessa
olla tolkussaan
olla tuppisuuna
olla tähtäimessä
olla tällit
olla ulalla
olla uskossa
olla varaa
olla varoissaan
olla varpaillaan
olla vastaan
olla vastassa
olla vauhdissa
olla vedossa
olla velkaa
olla vialla
olla viherpeukalo
olla viinapäätä
olla voimassa
olla väleissä
olla väliä
olla yhteyksiä
olla yläkantissa
olla yläkanttiin
omaan tahtiin
omatunto kolkuttaa
omia aikojaan
omin avuin
omin luvin
omin neuvoin
omin nokin
omin päin
omin silmin
omine nokkineen
osoittaa sormella
osua nappiin
ottaa aikaa
ottaa ainetta
ottaa aivoon
ottaa aivosta
ottaa ero
ottaa evakkoa
ottaa hampaisiinsa
ottaa happea
ottaa harteilleen
ottaa hatkat
ottaa hengiltä
ottaa hermoille
ottaa huikat
ottaa huikkaa
ottaa huomioon
ottaa kaaliin
ottaa kaalista
ottaa kalloon
ottaa kanta
ottaa kantaa
ottaa kaulasta
ottaa koppi
ottaa koteloon
ottaa kotelosta
ottaa kunnia
ottaa kupit
ottaa kurssi
ottaa känni
ottaa kännit
ottaa lettiin
ottaa loparit
ottaa loppukiri
ottaa lukua
ottaa lärvit
ottaa neniin
ottaa nenäänsä
ottaa niskoilleen
ottaa nokat
ottaa nokkaunet
ottaa nokkiinsa
ottaa nokoset
ottaa ohimoon
ottaa opikseen
ottaa osaa
ottaa otsaan
ottaa paineita
ottaa pannuun
ottaa paukku
ottaa pohjat
ottaa puheeksi
ottaa pulttia
ottaa päähän
ottaa revanssi
ottaa silmätikuksi
ottaa spurtti
ottaa stressiä
ottaa suihin
ottaa suulista
ottaa sydämelleen
ottaa taksi
ottaa tosissaan
ottaa vastaan
ottaa välimatkaa
ottaa yhteyttä
ovet paukkuen
ovi käy
pahoittaa mielensä
painaa kalloonsa
painaa mieleensä
painaa mieltä
painaa päälle
painua helvettiin
painua kuuseen
painua matkoihinsa
painua vittuun
paiskia hommia
paiskia töitä
paiskoa rokkia
paistatella päivää
pakottaa nivusia
pakottaa oluthammasta
pala kurkussa
palata asiaan
paljastaa kyntensä
paljastaa päänsä
paljastaa sydämensä
palvelu pelaa
pamahtaa mieleen
pamahtaa päähän
panna halvalla
panna hampaankoloon
panna hanttiin
panna lihoiksi
panna merkille
panna mieleensä
panna painoa
panna palamaan
panna pellolle
panna peukaloruuviin
panna piipuksi
panna polvilleen
panna pystyyn
panna päihinsä
panna suihin
panna tanssiksi
panna tilille
panna tupakaksi
panna vastaan
panna vauhtia
pelastaa ilta
pelastaa kasvonsa
pelastaa nahkansa
pelata silmillään
perse sauhuten
perua puheitaan
perua sanansa
perätä oikeuksia
pestä kasvonsa
pestä silmänsä
pettää asia
pidellä korviaan
pidellä päätään
pieni ihme
piestä kieltään
piestä suutaan
piikit lentävät
piitata viis
pillahtaa itkuun
pimetä päässä
pinna kestää
pinna palaa
pipo kiristää
pistellä poskeensa
pistää asialle
pistää hanttiin
pistää kampoihin
pistää leikiksi
pistää liriin
pistää mieleensä
pistää muistiin
pistää piikkiin
pistää poskeensa
pistää putkaan
pistää pystyyn
pistää silmiin
pistää silmään
pistää toimeksi
pistää toppi
pistää turpiin
pistää vauhtia
pitää bailut
pitää bileet
pitää huoli
pitää huolta
pitää kuria
pitää kurissa
pitää kävelykeppinä
pitää liivintaskussa
pitää lukua
pitää lupauksensa
pitää mykkäkoulua
pitää paikkansa
pitää peruslukemilla
pitää peukkua
pitää peukkuja
pitää pilkkanaan
pitää pokka
pitää puoliaan
pitää päänsä
pitää sanansa
pitää seuraa
pitää silmällä
pitää sisällään
pitää suunsa
pitää taidepaussi
pitää taloa
pitää tauko
pitää tynnyrissä
pitää varansa
poistua kuvioista
pokka pettää
polkea jalkaa
polkea jalkoihinsa
poltella persettä
polttaa hihansa
polttaa näppinsä
polttaa pilveä
polttaa sormensa
polvia heikottaa
posket hehkuen
posket hehkuvat
posket leimuten
potkaista munille
potkia kadulle
potkia pellolle
potkia päähän
pudistaa päätään
pudota jaloilleen
pudota kärryiltä
pudota perseelleen
puhdistaa ilmaa
puhua kielillä
puhua käsillä
puhua nenäänsä
puhua nokkaansa
puida nyrkkiä
pullo kiertää
pummata röökiä
punnita veri
pure munaa
puristaa kättä
purra hammasta
purra kieltään
purskahtaa itkuun
puskea pajunoksaa
pysyä housuissaan
pysyä kasassa
pysyä nahoissaan
pysyä pokkana
pysyä sanassaan
pyytää kättä
pyörii silmissä
pyöritellä peukaloitaan
pyörittää päätään
pyöriä huulilla
pyöriä jaloissa
pyöriä kielellä
pyörällä päästään
pälkähtää päähän
pätkiä päässä
pää edellä
pää halkeaa
pää räjähtää
päässä jyrää
päässä kiertää
päästä eroon
päästä jalkoihin
päästä jaloilleen
päästä kärryille
päästä käsiksi
päästä naisiin
päästä pinnalle
päästä vauhtiin
päästä vireeseen
päästää suustaan
päästään vialla
päätä pahkaa
raapia niskaansa
raapia päätään
raastaa hermoja
raastaa korvia
ratketa nauruun
repiä hameensa
repiä hiuksensa
repiä kitaansa
repiä letistä
repiä naamansa
repiä perseensä
repiä persettään
repiä päätään
repiä selkänahasta
repäistä paitansa
repäistä rotsinsa
revetä riemusta
revetä surusta
riemusta hihkuen
riistäytyä käsistä
rimaa hipomalla
ristiä kätensä
ristiä silmänsä
rohkaista mielensä
ruveta kimppaan
ryhtyä leikkiin
rypeä itsesäälissä
rypistää otsaansa
ryömiä nahastaan
räjähtää käsiin
räjähtää naurusta
räjähtää silmille
räkiä kattoon
röyhistää rintaansa
saada aikaan
saada bonusta
saada etäisyyttä
saada haju
saada halvaus
saada henkeä
saada hepuli
saada hermoromahdus
saada ihoa
saada jalansijaa
saada järkiinsä
saada keskenmeno
saada kohtaus
saada korvapuusti
saada korvilleen
saada kuria
saada kutsumus
saada kuulla
saada kynsilleen
saada käsiinsä
saada käsistään
saada liksaa
saada lähtöpassit
saada nalkkiin
saada nenilleen
saada nenälleen
saada nokalleen
saada näpeilleen
saada näppylöitä
saada ojennukseen
saada osansa
saada pillua
saada pilveen
saada päihinsä
saada päähänpisto
saada päähänsä
saada raivari
saada selkäsauna
saada selkäänsä
saada seuraa
saada sielunrauha
saada siipeensä
saada siivet
saada silmiinsä
saada silmilleen
saada sormilleen
saada suunvuoro
saada synninpäästö
saada sätky
saada tarpeekseen
saada tolkkua
saada traumoja
saada turpiinsa
saada töpinään
saada unta
saanko luvan
saastuttaa kätensä
saattaa välikäteen
sahata silmään
samaa matkaa
sana kiertää
sanella rajat
sanoa vastaan
sappi halkeaa
sappi kuohahtaa
sappi nousee
sappi paisuu
sappi puhkeaa
sattua käteen
sattua silmiin
sattua silmään
seisoa päällään
sekoittaa pää
selvittää soppa
selvittää välinsä
selvitä hengissä
selvitä kunnialla
selvitä säikähdyksellä
seurata esimerkkiä
seurata silmillä
siepata mallasjuomaa
sietää silmissään
siitä paikasta
siivet kantavat
siivota suunsa
silmissä hämärtää
silmiä hämärtää
silmät leviävät
silmät palavat
silmät salamoivat
silmät seisovat
silmät säkenöivät
sitoa kädet
sivuuttaa olankohautuksella
soittaa poskea
soittaa poskeaan
soittaa suuta
soittaa suutaan
sonnustautua sotisopaan
sopia kuvioihin
sormet syyhyävät
suin päin
suksia kuuseen
suksia vittuun
sulaa kielelle
sulaa suussa
sulkea korvansa
sulkea suunsa
sumeta silmissä
suoristaa mutkat
suu käy
suuta kuivaa
sydän hakkaa
sydän heltyy
sydän kovettuu
sydän murtuu
syksyn mittaan
syljeskellä kattoon
sylkeä kouriinsa
sylkeä verta
syödä kuormasta
syödä kädestä
syödä silmillään
syödä suuhunsa
syödä tilaa
syöksyä niskaan
syöttää valheita
säilyttää kasvonsa
säilyttää malttinsa
särkeä korvia
särkeä päätä
särähtää korvaan
tahrata kätensä
taittaa niskansa
takoa aivoissa
takoa päähänsä
takoa päässä
tallata jalkoihinsa
talo tarjoaa
tappaa aikaa
taputtaa käsiään
tarttua niskasta
tarttua takinliepeisiin
tarttua tekstiiliin
tasata puntit
tehdä aloite
tehdä hakkelusta
tehdä ihmeitä
tehdä itsari
tehdä kaikkensa
tehdä katoamistemppu
tehdä keikkaa
tehdä kuolemaa
tehdä lonkalta
tehdä lähtöä
tehdä matkaa
tehdä mieli
tehdä numero
tehdä ruumiita
tehdä sisääntulo
tehdä sovinto
tehdä tarpeensa
tehdä temput
tehdä terää
tehdä tilaa
tehdä tiliä
tehdä tuloaan
tehdä tällit
tehdä vaikutus
tehdä velkaa
tekee tissiä
temmata hatusta
tervehtiä kädestä
tiet eroavat
tikahtua nauruun
tilaisuuden tullen
toivoa parasta
toteuttaa itseään
tukehtua nauruun
tukkia korvansa
tukkia suunsa
tukkia turpansa
tulla eloa
tulla etuajassa
tulla haloo
tulla harhoja
tulla hätiin
tulla hätä
tulla juttuun
tulla kalabaliikki
tulla kaupat
tulla kränää
tulla kuuloon
tulla kuvioihin
tulla menoa
tulla messiin
tulla mieleen
tulla nenälle
tulla nokkiin
tulla paniikki
tulla potkua
tulla päihinsä
tulla sanomista
tulla selkään
tulla silmille
tulla tarinaa
tulla toimeen
tulla tunnontuskiin
tulla turpiin
tulla yöjalkaan
tunkea syliin
tunkea takareikäänsä
tunkea turpaansa
tuntea luissaan
tuntea nahoissaan
tuoda onnea
tupata suuhun
tupsahtaa silmilleen
tuulettaa kaaliaan
tyhjentää sappeaan
tykätä kyttyrää
työntää perseeseensä
täyttää vatsansa
tökätä kättä
tömistellä jalkoja
uida liiveihin
uikuttaa perään
ummistaa silmänsä
upota kaaliin
upota rahaa
usko huviksesi
uskoa korviaan
uskoa silmiään
vaihtaa jalkaa
vaihtaa kättä
vaihtaa levyä
vaihtaa maisemaa
vaihtaa nahkaansa
vaihtaa puhe
vaihtaa puheenaihetta
vaihtaa sanoja
vaihtaa tyyliä
vaipua synkkyyteen
vaisto sanoo
vaisto vetää
vaivata aivojaan
vaivata päätään
vastustaa kiusausta
venyttää pinnaa
veren hehku
veri kuohahtaa
veri kuumenee
veri lentää
veri vetää
vetäytyä nahkaansa
vetää crackia
vetää henkeä
vetää hermosavut
vetää hihaan
vetää hirsiä
vetää huulesta
vetää imuja
vetää kaljaa
vetää kitusiinsa
vetää käteen
vetää leukaa
vetää lonkkaa
vetää myssyt
vetää naamaansa
vetää nappeja
vetää neniin
vetää nenästä
vetää niskaansa
vetää nokasta
vetää paskat
vetää pilveä
vetää pollea
vetää ränniin
vetää röökiä
vetää sauhuja
vetää tilille
vetää turpaan
vetää turpiin
vetää vauhtia
vetää viikseen
vetää viinaa
vetää välistä
viedä aikaa
viedä henki
viedä käsistä
viedä piikille
viedä taju
viehättää silmää
viikon sisällä
viilata linssiin
viiltää sydäntä
vilahtaa silmissä
vilauttaa keskisormeaan
vilistä silmissä
vilkaista syrjäsilmällä
viskata naamaansa
voihan nenä
voittaa kynnenmitalla
vuodattaa verta
vyöttää kupeensa
väittää vastaan
välähtää mielessä
väsätä myssyt
vääntää juttua
vääntää kättä
vääntää vitsiä
ylittää itsensä
yötä päivää
änkyttää vastaan
ärräpäätä lentää
